CALL FOR PAPERS

HCOMP Workshop on Mathematical Foundations of Human Computation

November 3, 2016
Austin, TX, USA

Submissions due August 1, 2016

http://chienjuho.com/workshops/mathematical-foundations-of-human-computation/


OVERVIEW:
---------

There is great untapped potential for foundational mathematical research to
influence and shape the future of human computation. Indeed there is already
a small literature on the use of mathematical models to analyze and design
human computation systems including crowdsourcing markets, prediction
markets, and user-generated content sites. However, we are far from having
a  full systematic understanding of the possibilities and limitations of
human computation.

This workshop will bring together researchers across disciplines to discuss
the future of research on the mathematical foundations of human computation,
with particular emphasis on the ways in which theorists can learn from the
existing empirical literature on human computation and the ways in which
applied and empirical work on human computation can benefit from
mathematical foundations.

For more information, see the workshop website.


PAPER SUBMISSIONS:
------------------

We solicit contributed papers of two types:

(1) Research papers report the results of new, recent, or ongoing research.

(2) Position papers describe the authors' vision of how the mathematical
foundations of human computation should evolve as a field.

Papers may be up to three pages long with an optional fourth page containing
references only. Please use any single column format and a font size of at
least 11 pt.  Accepted papers will be made available on the workshop
website. However, the workshop will have no archival proceedings, meaning
contributors are free to publish their results subsequently in archival
journals or conferences. We also welcome submissions of work that has
recently (within the last year) been published in other conferences.
Simultaneous submission to HCOMP is not allowed. Papers should be submitted 
via EasyChair and do not need to be anonymized.

Submission site: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=math-hcomp2016
Deadline for submissions: Monday, August 1, 2016
Notification of acceptance: on or around Friday, August 26, 2016


CONFIRMED INVITED SPEAKERS:
--------------------------

Emery Berger, University of Massachusetts Amherst
Manuel Blum, Carnegie Mellon University
Adam Tauman Kalai, Microsoft Research
Jaime Teevan, Microsoft Research

ORGANIZING COMMITTEE:
---------------------

Shuchi Chawla, University of Wisconsin - Madison
Chien-Ju Ho, Cornell University
Michael Kearns, University of Pennsylvania
Jenn Wortman Vaughan, Microsoft Research
Santosh Vempala, Georgia Tech
